readme.md, before:

# What is this mod?

This mod adds some ores in the Overworld, the Nether, and the End.

# Roadmap

- generating the ores in the End. *Done*
- adding tag on each block. *Done*
- adding dense ore. *Done*
- adding a config file. *Done*
- make a showcase in french for show the mod possibility.
- adding more ore (like copper, tin, or many other)

# Why did you make this mod?

I just wanted to make a useful mod for other people.

# Can I use this in a modpack?

Yes you can, just remember to put the name of the mod in the description of your modpack!

# Download:

- [Curseforge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/janoeo)
- [Planet Minecraft](https://www.planetminecraft.com/mod/janoeo-just-another-nether-overworld-end-ores/)

# Some screenshots:

![img1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AlasDiablo/JANOEO/master/textures/desc/2019-08-29_10.11.02.png)
![img2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AlasDiablo/JANOEO/master/textures/desc/2019-08-22_15.30.17.png)
![img2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AlasDiablo/JANOEO/master/textures/desc/2019-08-29_10.17.12.png)
![img2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AlasDiablo/JANOEO/master/textures/desc/2019-08-29_10.13.38.png)

# Credit:

- [Mesabloo](https://github.com/Mesabloo) for rewriting the description.

Commit message:

Code/repo preparation and modification for future update + update to forge 1.15.2 + drop 1.14 support + add changelog on 1.15 branch + update readme on 1.15 branch

readme.md, after:

# What is this mod?

This mod adds some ores in the Overworld, the Nether, and the End.

# License

- The source code is under [LGPL-3.0](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0.en.html)
- The texture (and everything related to art) is under [CC BY-SA 3.0 FR](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/fr/deed.en)

# Roadmap

- generating the ores in the End. *Done*
- adding tag on each block. *Done*
- adding dense ore. *Done*
- adding a config file. *Done*
- make a showcase in french for show the mod possibility.
- adding more ore (like copper, tin, or many other)

# Why did you make this mod?

I just wanted to make a useful mod for other people.

# Can I use this in a modpack?

Yes you can, just remember to put the name of the mod in the description of your modpack!

# Download:

- [Curseforge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/janoeo)
- [Planet Minecraft](https://www.planetminecraft.com/mod/janoeo-just-another-nether-overworld-end-ores/)

# Some screenshots:

![img1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AlasDiablo/JANOEO/master/textures/desc/2019-08-29_10.11.02.png)
![img2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AlasDiablo/JANOEO/master/textures/desc/2019-08-22_15.30.17.png)
![img3](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AlasDiablo/JANOEO/master/textures/desc/2019-08-29_10.17.12.png)
![img4](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AlasDiablo/JANOEO/master/textures/desc/2019-08-29_10.13.38.png)
